Dynamical xcube package name; xcube used for local install, xcube-core used for PyPI (#1010)
xcube-dev/xcube: CHANGES.md

  [fsspec.implementations.http.HTTPFileSystem)](https://filesystem-spec.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api.html#fsspec.implementations.http.HTTPFileSystem),
  so that the upcoming xcube STAC data store will be able to access files from URLs.

> * Changed package name from "xcube-core" to "xcube" in the `pyproject.toml` file. The workflow
>   `.github/workflows/xcube_publish_pypi.yml` changes the line in the `pyproject.toml`, where
>   the package name is defined to `name = "xcube-core"`. This allows to release xcube under
>   the package name xcube-core on PyPI. #1010
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The workflow `.github/workflows/xcube_publish_pypi.yml` changes the line in the `pyproject.toml`, where
  the package name is defined to `name = "xcube-core"`. This allows to release xcube under
  the package name "xcube-core" on PyPI where the name "xcube" is already taken. #1010 
  
```

This is because, we have never released the version where we used "xcube-core" in pyproject.toml.
